Update README.md (#14)
asetalias/amibot: types-of-contributions.md

## What are the ways in which I can contribute to this project?

> This might be the question in your head when you were going through the code of AMIBOT.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This might be the question in your head when you were using Amibot or going through the code.
```

Well, its very simple.

> #### If you are a complete beginner, you can just open up the readme file or any such documentation file and look for any typing or grammatical errors in them. 

Reviewer: Add a point about finding, reporting bugs, usability improvements or new features. Creating issues is a great way to contribute!

If present, just fork this repository, create a new branch and edit the file to rectify those specific errors. Once that is done, commit the changes to the file and simply create a pull request to get it merged if it is a valid error.

#### And if you are an intermediate in Javascript, then?

> Well then you can go through the .js files and check if any code is having any error or if it can be written in a more neat way to make it look more appealing and/or shorten it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Well then you can go through the open issues/code, and fix issues or refactor the code for improved quality, readability or conciseness.
```
